Dev to Main (#2)
astronomer/airflow-quickstart: README.md

This is accomplished by using a set of tools in six Airflow DAGs:

- The [Astro Python SDK](https://astro-sdk-python.readthedocs.io/en/stable/index.html) is used for ELT operations.
- [DuckDB](https://duckdb.org/), a relational database, is used to store tables of the ingested data as well as the resulting tables after transformations.
- [Streamlit](https://streamlit.io/), a python package to create interactive apps is used to display the data as a dashboard. The streamlit app retrieves its data from tables in DuckDB.

All tools used are open source and no additional accounts are needed.

After completing all tasks the streamlit app will look similar to the following screenshots:

![Finished Streamlit App Part 1](src/streamlit_result_1.png)
![Finished Streamlit App Part 2](src/streamlit_result_2.png)
![Finished Streamlit App Part 3](src/streamlit_result_3.png)

## Part 1: Run a fully functional pipeline

Follow the [Part 1 Instructions](#part-1-instructions) to get started!

The ready to run Airflow pipeline consists of 4 DAGs and will:

- Retrieve the current weather for your city from an API.

> - Ingest Climate data from a local CSV file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ingest climate data from a local CSV file.
```

- Load the data into DuckDB using the Astro SDK.
- Run a transformation on the data using the Astro SDK to create a reporting table powering a Streamlit App.

## Part 2: Exercises

> Following the [Part 2 Instructions](#part-2-instructions-exercises) to extend the pipeline to show historical weather data for cities of your choice in the Streamlit App.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the [Part 2 Instructions](#part-2-instructions-exercises) to extend the pipeline to show historical weather data for cities of your choice in the Streamlit App.
```

==========================

# Setting up

## Option 1: Use GitHub Codespaces

Run this Airflow project without installing anything locally.

1. Fork this repository.
2. Create a new GitHub codespaces project on your fork. Make sure it uses at least 4 cores!

    ![Fork repo and create a codespaces project](src/fork_and_codespaces.png)

3. After creating the codespaces project the Astro CLI will automatically start up all necessary Airflow components as well as the streamlit app. This can take a few minutes. 
4. Once the Airflow project has started access the Airflow UI by clicking on the **Ports** tab and opening the forward URL for port 8080.

    ![Open Airflow UI URL Codespaces](src/open_airflow_ui_codespaces.png)

5. Once the streamlit app is running you can access it by by clicking on the **Ports** tab and opening the forward URL for port 8501.

## Option 2: Use the Astro CLI

Download the [Astro CLI](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli) to run Airflow locally in Docker. `astro` is the only package you will need to install.

1. Run `git clone https://github.com/TJaniF/astronomer-codespaces-test.git` on your computer to create a local clone of this repository.

> 2. Install the Astro CLI by following the steps in the [Astro CLI documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli). The main prerequisite is Docker Desktop/Docker Engine but no Docker knowledge is needed to run Airflow with the Astro CLI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install the Astro CLI by following the steps in the [Astro CLI documentation](https://docs.astronomer.io/astro/cli/install-cli). Docker Desktop/Docker Engine is a prerequisite, but you don't need in-depth Docker knowledge to run Airflow with the Astro CLI.
```
